Let's now see where our course falls in the AWS Big Data Specialty exam.
The first domain of the exam is the collection part,
which is concerned with how we can collect our data for big data
purposes, and it's worth 17% of the examine score.
The second domain is concerned with how we can store our data using different
AWS storage solutions, and it's worth 17% of the exam score.
The third domain is concerned with how we can process the data
using different processing technologies,
and it's worth also 17% of the exam score.
The fourth domain is concerned with how we can analyze our
underlying data, and also it's worth 17%.
The fifth domain, which is the visualization domain,
is the core focus of our course.
It's only worth 12% of the exam.
However,
don't take it short. It is always good to collect
points from every possible occasion.
Finally, the data security domain, which is worth 20% of the exam score.
If you would like to know more,
feel free to check the AWS Certified Big Data Specialty exam guide in the provided link.